bpo-42060: Remove `assert` from http/client.py (#22737)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2020-10-17-14-46-16.bpo-42060.du-IYq.rst

> Replace `asserts` on HTTPResponse and HTTPConnection with `if...raises` so that the conditional checks work while running with the optimization flag switched on

Reviewer: reST requires two backticks for code, not one like markdown :).

 ```suggestion
Replace ``assert`` in :class:`http.client.HTTPResponse` and :class:`http.client.HTTPConnection` with ``raise`` 
so that conditional checks work while running with Python's runtime optimization
 ``-O`` flag enabled.
```
